# BigData
DataSets for Big Data - Data Science

COVID-19 Open Research Dataset Challenge (CORD-19) 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/allen-institute-for-ai/CORD-19-research-challenge 

World Development Indicators 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/kaggle/world-development-indicators 

A Large Scale Fish Dataset 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/crowww/a-large-scale-fish-dataset 

Cat Dataset 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/crawford/cat-dataset 

Health Insurance Marketplace 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/hhs/health-insurance-marketplace 

Ukraine Conflict Twitter Dataset (23.94M tweets) 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/bwandowando/ukraine-russian-crisis-twitter-dataset-1-2-m-rows 

Celebrity Faces Attributes (CelebA) Dataset 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/jessicali9530/celeba-dataset 

eCommerce behavior data from multi category store 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/mkechinov/ecommerce-behavior-data-from-multi-category-store 

Flickr 8k Dataset 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/adityajn105/flickr8k 

Sofia air quality dataset 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/hmavrodiev/sofia-air-quality-dataset 

DeepSat (SAT-4) Airborne Dataset 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/crawford/deepsat-sat4 

DeepSat (SAT-6) Airborne Dataset 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/crawford/deepsat-sat6 

Airline Delay and Cancellation Data, 2009 - 2018 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/yuanyuwendymu/airline-delay-and-cancellation-data-2009-2018 

Airline Delay Analysis 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/sherrytp/airline-delay-analysis 

Covid-19 period air-traffic dataset 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/ishadss/covid19-period-airtraffic-dataset 

Military Aircraft Detection Dataset 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/a2015003713/militaryaircraftdetectiondataset 

Airbnb Ratings Dataset 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/samyukthamurali/airbnb-ratings-dataset 

Chest X-ray Images 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/tolgadincer/labeled-chest-xray-images 

NOAA Global Surface Summary of the Day 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/noaa/noaa-global-surface-summary-of-the-day 

COVID-19 CT scans 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/andrewmvd/covid19-ct-scans 

Coronavirus (covid19) Tweets - early April 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/smid80/coronavirus-covid19-tweets-early-april 

Chest X-ray (Covid-19 & Pneumonia) 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/prashant268/chest-xray-covid19-pneumonia 

Large COVID-19 CT scan slice dataset 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/maedemaftouni/large-covid19-ct-slice-dataset 

Covid XRay Dataset 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/ahemateja19bec1025/covid-xray-dataset 

CoronaHack -Chest X-Ray-Dataset 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/praveengovi/coronahack-chest-xraydataset 

COVID-CTset : A Large COVID-19 CT Scans dataset 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/mohammadrahimzadeh/covidctset-a-large-covid19-ct-scans-dataset 

Saudi Arabia car prices Machine Learning 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/energykingdom/saudi-arabia-car-prices-machine-learning 

Germany Cars Dataset 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/ander289386/cars-germany 

Used car prices in Pakistan 2021 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/mustafaimam/used-car-prices-in-pakistan-2021 

Pakistan Used Cars 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/karimali/used-cars-data-pakistan 

Pakistan Suicide Bombing Attacks
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/zusmani/pakistansuicideattacks

Pakistan Drone Attacks 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/zusmani/pakistandroneattacks 

Predict Pakistan Elections 2018 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/zusmani/predict-pakistan-elections-2018 

Rainfall in Pakistan 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/zusmani/rainfall-in-pakistan 

Pakistan COVID Dataset 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/meeratif/pakistan-covid-dataset 

Landslide Prediction for Muzaffarabad-Pakistan 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/adizafar/landslide-prediction-for-muzaffarabadpakistan 

Pakistan Stock Exchange Dataset 1 
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/osaidcode/pakistan-stock-exchange-dataset-1 
